Thoms' changes to architecture section (#63)
DanNixon/sine2020_software_guidelines_paper: guidelines_for_collaborative_development_of_sustainable_data_treatment_software.tex

A well designed software package would separate its functionality into a set of individual modules based on common feature areas.
A module may refer to a package, library or software plugin.

Care should be taken when designing these modules.
Each module should perform a very specific task (e.g. minimization) and should only contain the relevant functionality.
Code within a module should be closely related, reducing the need to import unnecessary functionality.
It is possible to test each module in isolation using automated testing (i.e. unit testing), reducing the risk of bugs being introduced into the code base.

It can be desirable to allow users to write scripts to further extend the functionality of the software.
Ideally any scripting made available to users should use the Python language.

> Python is becoming the standard language for data science and as such has a wide range of libraries, documentation and resources available for it \cite{python-nature}, with some of the most commonly used organized under the SciPy.org umbrella \cite{scipy}.

Author: ```suggestion
Python is becoming the standard language for data science and as such has a wide range of libraries, documentation and resources are available for it \cite{python-nature}.
Some of the most commonly used libraries are linked from SciPy.org \cite{scipy}.
```

Reviewer: ok

> Python also works fluently with the Jupyter electronic notebook, an increasingly popular tool in the scientific community \cite{jupyter-nature} and frequently used for tutorials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Python also works fluently with the Jupyter notebook, an increasingly popular tool in the scientific community \cite{jupyter-nature}.
```

Reviewer: ok

If the application requires a graphical user interface (GUI) then a good choice of library is Qt \cite{Qt}.

> Qt is an application framework commonly used by many open source and commercial software packages and is also a popular framework for GUI development in the neutron scattering and muon spectroscopy community (c.f., Section \ref{SINE2020}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Qt is an application framework commonly used by many open source and commercial software packages.
```

This is irrelevant here.

Author: I dont think it adds anything to say we use it in neutron and muon software. It is included in the open source part

Reviewer: ok
